<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Help</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Sarariman Help</h1>

        <h2>Introduction</h2>

        <p>
            Sarariman is our tool for tracking time.  Specifically, it is designed around our need for accountability of our billable
            time.
        </p>

        <h2>Recording Your Time</h2>

        <p>
            You record your time right on the home page.  Don't take time recording lightly.  Only record time once you have worked
            it.  You are able to modify a time entry once you have recorded it, but this should only need to be done occasionally.  An
            audit trail is kept of all modifications to time entries.
        </p>

        <p>
            The description for recorded time may include HTML formatting.
        </p>

        <h2>Submitting Your Timesheet</h2>

        <p>
            Once you have recorded your time for the week, you submit your timesheet.  Once a timesheet has been submitted, entries
            cannot be added or modified.  A submitted timesheet can be approved or rejected.  If a timesheet is rejected,
            modifications can be made before resubmission.
        </p>

        <p>
            If you need to change a task for a time entry, modify the time entry to a duration of 0 hours and then add a new
            entry.
        </p>

        <h2>Bugs/Enhancements</h2>
        <p>
            If you find a bug or have an idea for an enhancement, add it to the <a href="todo.xhtml">todo list</a>.
        </p>

    </body>
</html>
