<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<!--
  Copyright (C) 2009 StackFrame, LLC
  This code is licensed under GPLv2.
-->

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Todo</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Todo list for Sarariman</h1>

        <ul>
            <li>Labor category assignment needs a unique key constraint (I accidentally created a duplicate).</li>
            <li>Add an active column to projects table.</li>
            <li>Add submitted/approved status to unbilled hours page.</li>
            <li>Disallow recording entries in the future unless they are for paid time off.</li>
            <li>Do sanitization of HTML description entries.</li>
            <li>Do date format checking before it hits the database.</li>
            <li>Suggestion from George Streeper: Allow entry of a task by task number.</li>
            <li>Suggestion from George Streeper: Allow the user to maintain a list of preferred tasks.</li>
            <li>Would it make sense to sort according to activity?</li>
            <li>Break out the SAIC code into a separate project which references this one.</li>
            <li>There is some bug in timesheets.jsp.  I think it is getting the start date wrong.  If you submit a timesheet in the
                middle of the week and go to timesheets.jsp directly, it doesn't enable the "Approve" and "Reject" buttons.</li>
            <li>Remove the underline in the hyperlink at the bottom of print CSS for timereport.jsp and SAIC version.</li>
            <li>Check for more than 40 hours registered and non-zero PTO.</li>
            <li>Need a report for billable hours not tracked by a project.</li>
            <li>Make the nag emails look at the hire date so that we don't nag before the person actually starts.</li>
            <li>Add vCard export to contacts and contact pages.</li>
            <li>Disable timesheet/invoice send button when there are no "to" values.</li>
            <li>Add ICS/iCal feed for vacation.</li>
            <li>Add ICS/iCal feed for holidays.</li>
            <li>Make timesheet nag take holidays and vacation into account.</li>
            <li>Do PTO accrual automatically for vacation days.</li>
            <li>Reminder on home page about how well you are doing with regard to time entry.</li>
            <li>in order to better support WADs from SAIC, we need PoPs per task assignment (with enforcement on GUI) and hour allocations per task assignment.</li>
            <li>create task list should not show inactive projects/customers</li>
            <li>Add ticket process.</li>
            <li>
              Add external support ticket app.
              <ul>
                <li>Add support for external auth (e.g., facebook, openid)</li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li>Add PayPal integration.</li>
            <li>timedate picker in out of office needs explanation/example of format.</li>
            <li>timedate picker in out of office needs validation to prevent bad data from being entered (e.g., Robert got backtrace when entering time)</li>
            <li>Look at http://www.tungle.me/ for how to interface to outside calendar systems.</li>
            <li>Add editing function for new company events functionality.</li>
            <li>Add RSVP for events.</li>
            <li>Add task number to use for an event.</li>
            <li>Automatically suggest timesheet entry for event.</li>
        </ul>

    </body>
</html>
